I'm here to tutorial of the cannon rush
on za marka cabins this is going to be a
pvp game sorry for the lag at the
beginning here this is me playing either
at the top right and down below is going
to be my friend playing his name's
portal and we are both Protoss players
as you can see and I'm going to be doing
a cannon rush to him and we're going to
see how it goes and I'm going to
basically try and walk you through it
and mmm and yeah teaching you the build
and everything for the camera so anyway
first probe goes on I'm going to build
my pile on down at nine very standard
and then this probe you can see moving
it around a bit in my base is going to
go to straightaway to the enemy space
and you'll notice here I cue up move
commands to see one there there there
there and these are all down the side of
the map down that little secret hallway
and basically that is just so he doesn't
see my probe moving out because it is
quite an early time to scalp turn off
your pile on some people do do it some
people don't most people don't actually
and if you see someone scouting that
early you can especially if it's Protoss
play you can actually predict that he's
going for some sort of cheese or some
sort of cannon rush or proxy even so
that's the reason I move my probe down
there so you wouldn't see it I do build
my Forge now on 12 or 13 I do believe 12
or 13 doesn't really matter either one
is fine sorry for the lag again my
screen recorders been um and lagging a
bit so I'm really sorry about that
you'll have to put up with it though and
I'll try and get a fixed in future
videos but anyway my probe is going to
go here and can see me boxing in a
little area and that's basically where
I'm going to build my pile on right
outside his base he hasn't gone his
probe in my base now he does see my fort
doesn't necessarily mean in cannon rush
with that most of the time it does
though so he probably is probably does
know what's going on now you never know
I could be going for some sort of
expansion build or something but if you
see a forging the base like that so
early you probably can probably expect
Cameron rush so anyway I've got my pile
on down i'm saving up my minerals i
build a cannon right there and the
reason you build a cannon on the low
ground it's because when you build the
cannons on the high ground and he sends
his probes or thereafter whatever to try
and kill your cannons
first of all your cannon on the low
ground can actually fire up at his
probes and zealots and he won't be able
to damage it another reason for building
the pile on the low ground is basically
because you won't be able to kill the
pylon if it's on the low ground so all
your cannons in his base are going to be
powered by a pile on the low ground he's
not gonna be able to kill it so anyway
I'm going to come up here and build two
more cannons in his base they are being
powered by the pylon and the low ground
there as you can see and then going to
build a pile on over there and he has
got 10 out he very cleverly threw down a
second gateway a lot of times what you
should do is actually throw it on your
own forge when you see him going for a
cannon rush but he decides to throw it
on second gate where he thinks he can
maybe hold it off with just sell off
he's going to be attacking this pile on
here and that's a very bad movie should
have actually moved that cell around to
tack the other pile on but now he
realized oh he's in a lot of
trouble he's going to bring all his
probes off the line to try and destroy
this cannons and another thing you have
to watch out for is keeping your probe
alive in his base that is the most
important thing when it comes down to
cannon rush you have to keep a probe
alive always keep moving around hide it
behind your cannons do not let it die
even if you have to run it out out of
his base but anyway you can see here
he's got nothing left all his probes
would kill by my cannons my progress
here walking in more cannons I've never
need to at this point because the game
is pretty much over drug sales coming
out but it's not enough he's got one
probe mining and and yeah this is pretty
much game
so yeah keep always keep appropriate in
his face build a pile on the low ground
and build one cannon on the low ground
as well he says chichi there what you
can also do with this one as you can see
my one can on the low ground you can
actually build pylons around that cannon
and wall it off with pylons which is
also very nice because then you can't
send units down to the low ground to
pick it off anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed this tutorial I'll be back with
more soon and yeah this has been Casey
signing out cheers guys